\documentclass[12pt,a4paper]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{listings}
\usepackage{caption}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{subcaption}
\usepackage{geometry}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage[usenames,dvipsnames,svgnames,table]{xcolor}
\newcolumntype{Y}{>{\centering\arraybackslash}X}
\usepackage{gnuplottex}
\begin{document}

\title{article}
\author{}
\date{}
\maketitle


\section{hey}

\begin{multicols}{3}
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

 \begin{table}[H]
\begin{center}
\begin{tabular}{|c|c|c|c|c|}
\hline
12312 & 412 & 5 & 235 & 2451425 \\ \hline 
12 & 3412 & 53 & 1253 & 1253 \\ \hline 
325 & 12 & 5312 & 531 & 2
\\ \hline
\end{tabular}
\end{center}
\end{table} 

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

  \begin{figure}[H]
\includegraphics[scale=0.1]{../../External/Images/flowers}
\end{figure}
  

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

  \begin{figure}[H]
\includegraphics[scale=0.1]{../../External/Images/flowers}
\end{figure}
  

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

  \begin{figure}[H]
\includegraphics[width=10cm]{../../External/Images/flowers}
\end{figure}
  

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdfed as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf
sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf   {\color{red}asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdfsdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga}   sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf
fasdfasdfasdf

sdfasdfasdfasd dsfa sdf asd ga sdg asdg a sdg a sdf asdfasdfasd fa sdf as df asdfasdf as df asdfasdf asd fa sdf asd fa sdf as df as df asdfasdf

fasdfasdfasdf
\end{multicols}


\begin{table}[H]
\begin{center}
\begin{tabularx}{0.75\textwidth}{*{5}{|Y}|}
\hline
1 & 2 & 3 & 4 & 5
\\ \hline
\end{tabularx}
\end{center}
\end{table}

\end{document}